# ControlCoDesign_DigitalTwin_RL
The codes and data were used for demonstrating the control co-design (CCD) method for digital twin-enabled systems with deep reinforcement learning and multi-generational design. The research will be shown in ASME IDETC/CIE 2025.
1. Demonstration on a numerical example:
   * initial_samples_policy_value_dysys_CCD.m: main matlab codes for generating samples to initialize the neural networks for the policy and value function. This sample generation method was extended by Chen et al. (2018) 10.23919/ACC.2018.8431275 
   * SampleGeneratorCCD.m: function of CCD sample generator.
   * RL_PPO_dysys_CCD.ipynb: main python codes written in jupyter notebook.
   * CCD_Data2.csv and CCD_Data_value2.csv: data for initializing the neural networks of policy and value function, respectively, generated by the matlab codes. Input: [x1,x2,p]; output: [u]
3. Demonstration on an active suspension system:
   * RL_PPO_susp_CCD_final.ipynb: main python codes written in jupyter notebook.
   * Data_susp_CCD2.csv and Data_value_susp_CCD2.csv: data for initializing the neural networks of policy and value function, respectively, generated by the matlab codes. Input: [x1,x2,x3,x4,ks,cs]; output: [u]
5. Codes and data for road conditions and speed profiles are provided here.
   * Road_condition.ipynb: main python codes for generating road profiles.
   * Speed_profiles.ipynb: main python codes for generating speed profiles.
   * road_profile2.csv: road condition data (elevation z vs distance s)

Tsai, Y-K., V. Karkaria, Y.-P. Chen, and W. Chen. (2025). "Multi-generational Control Co-Design for Digital Twin-enabled Systems with Deep Reinforcement Learning."

